all right so I wanted to come back and
just show you a couple of tricks how you
can get that flourish the piano that
romantic piano Roboto style just using
some basic tricks all right some some
basic ideas here now we've done the
first half of the song or maybe you're
taking a look at this first that's fine
as well
right but in the arrangement we're doing
a lot of you know big stuffed full of
chords and whatnot but now what if we
just wanted to do something that was not
as it's going to bring that down a
little bit we want to do something
that's that's not as complicated well
check this out
see I could just use my triad and I'm
so I play 1 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 so
now since I'm doing this Roboto I really
have a lot of freedom to you know take
as much time as I want so check it out
sorry
I can go right up the whole arpeggio
say anything here
just playing this as a triads I'm just
adding the seventh
see I can also do that is in its well
instead of actually doing the instead of
doing the arpeggio just do like a little
ring ring ring ring so it's like almost
like a quick arpeggio on it basically
what I do is I'm just rolling the Triads
okay so basically by rolling those
triads and you know just doing that left
right hand thing and while I'm doing the
left hand right hand like if I'm taking
let's say my a minor chord I'll play
like the root or if I want to keep it
set to four notes that's what happens
when you hold the pedal down hold the
pedal down
now that's fine when you're playing that
same court but what if you do this see
what happens you're gonna make sure you
lift that pedal up and put it back down
so I moved to a different court don't
worry about that court it's it's not
important it's just to demonstrate the
pedal if you make a mistake right there
like I hit that instead well don't keep
the pedal down lift the pedal up so it
doesn't ring together
down the left-hand a lot of Route tents
a lot of root root root five root root
five ten
you can also do these like arpeggios in
which you take the same chord and then
you know left hand first and then right
hand so
ah
all right so as you mess around with
those triads and trying to get some of
that flowing stuff if you're a beginner
you're gonna notice that yeah I'll take
a little little take a little while took
a few weeks but if you practice that
you'll be able to like start to put some
of that stuff in your play once again
let me make sure I'm being very clear
start with just your basic triad so I
did root five root down here then I'm
going to go just to triads sorry
it's my first one I can do to try out
here as well if I won
so I'm doing a try it in the right hand
it's still the rest of the seventh chord
though right so I don't have to go down
to B minor seven flat five like that
it's still so I don't have to do that
which I could do that but sometimes it's
a little difficult when you have to hit
that B you gotta hit that same note
again so just do the rest of the seventh
chord
you want to add on more notes you can do
that as well so
you just move right on
there was a minor to B flat to E E flat
in it and an e7 and so anyway I have fun
with that I'll see you in the next
chapter